LIST OF THINGS TO DO:
1. merge the whole dataset
2. clean the dataset
3. use openai api to get evaluation summaries

(major change is we will now use a labeled set of summaries, we will use gpt4o api for this)

(the reason we chose gpt4o is to automate the summary generation in case we need to scale up the data)

(also gpt4o makes human level summaries and with the api can be given some specifications to follow for summary generation)
(another reason is that if we use human chosen summaries, different humans may have different subjective
choices for the best summaries, this way we can be more consistent)

(another reason is that distilbart sometimes makes mistakes when learning the context, so we will use gpt4o api to teach it 
how to reduce the mistakes it makes in context using the generated summaries, which is something we couldnt do as effectively 
with just choosing the summaries) - this is very important for making abstractive summaries, compression of ideas not just
retrieving most important sentences.

abstractive summary - Provides a concise overview of the topic, methods, results, and conclusions.


4. generate summaries with distilbart and have the evaluation metrics compared to the 
gpt4o summaries to make sure distilbart is learning to make better summaries
basically finetuning bart.

changes to be made in step 4. (check if its possible to have both summaries generated in one file)
- add code for finetuning the distilbart model
- add code for generating summaries with finetuned model
- add code for generating summaries with baseline model
- add evaluation metrics for both baseline and finetuned summaries


5. Create a test set, scrape more abstracts 
6. use openai api to summarize them based of criteria
7. evaluate the test using the finetuned version

8. create summaries using the baseline version 
9. evaluate summaries of baseline version
10. Compare the metrics to show its not better at summaries

(once the model is finetuned, save it before stopping the session)
(kaggle will delete it once you stop the session.)
11. Save the model locally and also to huggingface and also to kaggle datasets.


12. create an api
13. create the UI
14. connect the model to the api, so that it can summarize pasted content.
